Reviews about Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina 
Tara Osborne: Review from Google about bluecrossnc
13 reviews
10 months ago
Every single time I have to call Customer Service they are the nicest, most helpful I've ever dealt with. One guy stayed on the phone with me over an hour with Marketplace to help work out my new subsidies and policy. Their Customer Service should be the standard for every company.

joe blow Review about bcbsnc.com
3 reviews
3 months ago
Worst call center ever! Had to repeat myself 10 times about the same issue, and they just read what ever was next on their call sheet.  In the end was no help at all, God forbid I have a real emergency.

Steven True Review about bluecrossnc.com 
3 reviews
2 weeks agoNEW
My fiancee is stuck with them until December. They deny every single medication her Dr. Prescribes including the meds she needs for the 4 stomach ulcers that were recently discovered. Keep shopping around, this ain't it.


Anne Stanaland revew about BCBSNC
9 reviews
9 months ago
Horrible insurance. They tell doctors what medication they should prescribe even after your doctor disagrees. As if they are doctors when all they care about is $. My husband has to try 20 different medications before they will consider covering the medication he has been on for over a decade, that works. The cost of our premium is absurd and you get next to nothing in benefits. BCBS is a gross joke. If you have other options go with any of them but BCBS I guarantee you will hate them.

Captian Planet
Local Guide·47 reviews·1 photo
11 months ago
Scammer who can literally pick and choose what they want to pay for and said they have to right to deny anything for any reason. You don't cover prenatal genetic testing? The test for extra chromosomes/downs that always gets done. Literally …More
5
Response from the owner10 months ago
I am sorry that you feel this way. Please reference your member booklet for specific policy details. If we can assist please reach out. https://www.bluecrossnc.com/contact-us

Scott Kelly reviews about Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina
5 reviews
a year ago
Customer service is terrible. Will not let you speak to a supervisor. Had insurance with them less than a year with multiple issues. One example renewal date issued a year ahead of actual renewal. Simple mistake but caused me to show I had no insurance when picking up a prescription. This is only the latest of multiply issues.

